Finished code pen URL https://codepen.io/Pauline122112/pen/bGqaWOW?editors=1100



1. What is Semantic HTML? 
Is a way to provide additional information to the webpage.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    Hypertext Markup Language is used to create and structure a website. 
    
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute provides information in regards to elements.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    An h1 tag is the title of the page and should only be used for the title.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes:
        -src 
        -alt 
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
    Usually, the head of the HTML document will contain information about 
    the specifics of the webpage and links to other files. Examples of 
    information found in the head are meta tags, title and javascript code.

    7. What is an id? 
    An id is an attribute which provides a way to identify an element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    You can add 'div' or a 'span' element to an id. 

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    An id can only be used once on the page because of how specific it is. 

    10. What is a class? 
    A class is an attribute that can be used multiple times for styling. 

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Class can be used on any HTML element. 

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Class attribute can be used multiple times because it can be used in CSS for styling. 

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    Add target="_blank" to your anchor tags. 

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for?
    In case the image is not loading, an alternative description is provided.  

    15. How do I reference an id?
    You have to write a # character followed by id to specify the id attribute within CSS. 

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div?
    Section is where the content inside is grouped and is typically generic.
    A div can you be used to group elements for styling purposes. 

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Cascading Style sheets are used for styling a webpage. 

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    Element selector should be a tag name that does not require brackets or other symbols. 

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when 
    I might use each one:
    Id is used to identify one single element where as a class can be used multiple times to identify
    more then one element.
    For example an id can be identified through:
    <div id="header">text</div>
    Whereas, a class can be used more then once:
    <div class="image"></div>

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    Use the . symbol, along with the class name, in order to get the desired class.

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    html: <p class="human"></p>
    CSS: p.human {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Is when the element selector selects the elements which are specific children of specific parent.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    .sidebar {}
    
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    A pseudo selector is used to define a special state of an element.

    25. What do we use to change the spacing between lines?
    line-height property. 


    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    We use the letter-spacing property.

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: Capitalize
    text-transform: lowercase
    text-transform: uppercase

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    border: dotted black 1px;

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    The * selector selects all elements. 

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    You can write comments in CSS by using /* */.

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    Type "pwd" into the command line and press enter. 

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    Type "ls" into the command line and press enter. 

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    Use "rm" or "unlink"  to remove a file. You have to be careful about removing a file because once it's deleted, it can't be easily recovered. 

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    We should use version control to keep track of changes. 

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    Every 20 minutes. 

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin BRANCH-NAME or git push after is has been pushed to branch the first time. 

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    1- Fork Lambda School Repo on Github.
    2-Clone the forked Repo using githubs 'Clone or download' button.
    3-On command line, use the cd command to go to the directory where you would like to clone the forked Repo.
    4-Use git clone <link-to-repo> command to clone the forked repo to the directory you are in. 
    5-cd into the newly created repo using cd<repo-name> command.
    6-Create a branch by using git checkout -b 'firstname-lastname' command. This is where you will work on your repo and start getting ht eproject assignment done. 
    7-If you have added and created changes on your branch, you must do the following in order for your code to be saved in Github:
        -git add .  (adds repo changes and makes them ready for commit)
        -git commit -m "helpful message" (informs other developers and can also explain the changes you've added to the repo that you are committing)
        -git push -u origin 'firstname-lastname'. This will push all your commits from your local machine up to github. Remember the 'firstname-lastname' will be whatever name you specified when you did git checkout -b 

    8-Once the changes have been pushed up to github, you can now submit a PR (Pull Request)
        a: Got to forked project on github (make sure it is the forked copy and not the orignal copy)
        b:Click Branch:master button which is located to the left of the "New pull request" button.
        c: In the dropdown menu, select your firstname-lastname branch.
        d: Click on your firstname-lastname branch and then click on "New pull request" button so that you can
        make a pull request on your firstname-lastname branch. 
        e: You should be redirected to the pull request page (PR page).
        f:On the PR page, click the dropdown button that says "base repository" and change it to your "forked repo" 
        instead of the original repo. 
        g: After changing the base repository, you should be see "Able to merge" with a tick, highlighted in green. 
        This means it is ready to create a pull request so press the "Create pull request" at the bottom of the page.
        h: If there are no conflicting issues then your pull request will remain open until it is either merged with 
        other branches or it is closed. 

        THE END!

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are display block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



